Firewall: NAT: Destination NAT: Coexist Destination NAT and Port Forward terminology (#830)
opnsense/docs: source/manual/how-tos/sfr_red_fr_ftth.rst

**Configuring NAT to redirect SFR/RED BOX calls to NGINX**
----------------------------------------------------------

> To allow correct Destination NAT (Port Forward)ing, we will configure OPNSense to affect a **static** IP to the SFR/RED Box and we will create an alias for it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To allow correct Destination NAT (Port Forwarding), we will configure OPNSense to affect a **static** IP to the SFR/RED Box and we will create an alias for it.
```
